E ACTION THIS MORNING.
MORNING WE H DEVEL
ORY RIGHT NOS
MILITARY SEI
PALESTINIAN SAYYED OF THE RAFFA
SERIES OF THE AIRSTRIKES THAT
KILLED AT  PEOPLE
SOURCE
LIARRAEL'S PLANS
LLS CNN
PRESSURE UP ON HAMAS TO AGREE
TO A CEA
HOSTAGE REAL ON
ISS TERMS 20NS
EEN HEATINGS TO
EVACUATE EASTEFA IN
TEL AVIV THOUSANDS OF ISRAELIS
TAKING TO THE S TO DEM
RETURN TNI HTO
LLATORS ARE
CTEDO DA
NTINUE C NES
THAT AREVERGE. IT SEEMS
OF FALLING APART. LET'S
IN FORMER FEDEECUTOR,
ELEIA WILLIAMS FNC
ATIONSR DOUG HI
AND SE CNN S
REPORTER, ISAAALL HERE
YOU. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR BEIN
START WITHPRESIDENT
AND LET'S REALLY D
CEASE  HIM AND HIS
NISTRA BHIS T
HAS RIPPLED SSS IN
THIS. IT HAS REALLY
DIVIDEMOCRATIC PARTY.
AND THIS IS SOTHE WH
HOUSE WAS GRAPPLING WITH A
STERDAY AS THEY TRIED
FIGUXAT WHS
ING ON AMONG THE PAR
HERE. S YOUR UNDERSTANDING
OF WHI IS
G WHERE NEGOSTAND
W AND THE WAICH
EY ARE TRYING TOA
POIMPERATIVES HET KLY THE
UP ON HIM. A LOOK YOU HIT IT
THERE BECAUSE THERE'
CAL VES AND TH THERE'LY GOINGM N
PART OF THE PROBLEM THAT THE
FACING, IS THAT IT IS CLEAR AND
THAT YOU DON'T HAVE A
FORTHRKER  HAMAS TO
SAY T.
RELATIONSHIP COMETHEY DT HAVE
BENJAMINYAHOO. AND HOW
BIWHO IS FROM THE BEGIG
HAS SAID HE IS NOT LOOKING AT
TO ATERM SOLUTIOON THE IMMEDIATS
BI IS HOS APPROACHG
ING THIS. BUT LOOK,
ARE THEREIS SOMETHING THAT IS
UP AS SOMETHING. SAT IS
IG OF AN
AS SOME OFERAGE HAS BEEN. BUT IA
REACHING THE POINT WHERE IT
WILL BE A DISCOURSE  FIND
POLITICAL ISSUE 'RT
HINGAYBE PEE
TOP ISSUE. BUT THEY,
EY, WHEN T
NG OF ISRAELING,OUT THE
TUALLY CAN'T BE WITH
BY THEM AND TH WHETHINGS GO.
U THINK THE
ADMINISTRATICTUAWHICH PROBABLY I
TERMS OF THEAMPAIGN.
O YOU K N
CAMPAIGN BELIEVES THIS
WAR IS STILLOING ON IN SIX
MONTHS WHEN O TO THE
S IS SIGNII
IKELY THEY WILL LOSE
IT'S VETO TELL, RIGHT?
AND ESPECIALLY BECAUE
TERMS OF THIS ELECTION THAT
SOFERENCIN.
TRUMP THE OTHER
THINGS THAT ARBE GOING ON THERED
NOT IS SIT
AG I T TED KAU
WHO  BAD AND SHE FOR
THE WAY BACK IN OCTOBE
TH RIGHT AT THE ND HE
MOREF EXPERIEN Y HAS HAD
HEM MIDDLE EAST
T MORE TOP-SECRET
NGS AND HE HAS H
VERY CLEAR VHAT
HAPPENE IS. YOU SEE IT,
WHEN HE WAS D AFTER HIS
BRIEENT ABOUT THE
CAMPUS PROTESTS. SURE. IS ANY
OF THIS CHANGE YOUR POSITION
SAID NO, HE KNOWS WHERE HE'S G
T
ITBEEN AN ISSUE
EVEN AMONG HIS ADVISERS HAS
BEEN A CONSTANT TOPIC OF CONGRE
L, AURSE THE
IMAGESG UP WITH THE
CAMPUSES HERE IN THE HAVE
TRUMP HAS BEEN IN H
THE BEGINNING OF T.  MOS
ANYWAY, ID AFTER THE
IAL CONCLU.
HAVE THIS TO SAY ABOUT PROTESTO
HELLO ME, JUST CAN
>> AND IALSO CAME OUT
GESTURMANY OF THE
PRACKED IREN
ERS.
YOURISISRAEL. >> OKONG SMART S
YA
T WE'RE GOING TO
NOECAUSE ISAS
D I HEAR THIS FROB
SOURCEY'LL S,
ISSUE FOR PEOPLE. A TING ISSUE
TO BECVOTING ISSUE IN A WAY THP
CHAPEL HILL. PUS OUNIVERSITY OFT
WHICH HAD E ME OFDAY,
THESE ISSUER I
AND WALKING ON C
O
ANYTHING HAD GONE ON
PREVIOUSLYMPUS WAS
GOND CLEAN. KIDS WERE
G N MILAN AN
INGS LIKIT'PABECAUST
EXTREMELY GOOD JOB,
WERECOLLEG
WHAT WE'VE SEEOFTEN,
OFTEN THE CASE IN
CS, THE LOUDEST
DOMINATE THE CION THATSHE CASE
AND  WN, HARVARD,
OF WHEN WETESTSS. BUT I'M ALSO
LIKE THIS. THE OVERWHELMING MA'
PROTESTIN'ING TO GET TO CLASS.'T
PLAY SOME SPORTS, PROBABLY
YIETO
HAVE THE NOREGEEXPERIEN
DO WEEMC
REAL BUT THEY WANT TO
VE THAT NE
EXPERIENCE. THEY WANE A
GRADAND SO WHEN WE TALK
ABOU YES,  CANREFLECT LARGELTO
FOR MO MON THE N
STUDENTSVERWHELMINGLY ARE
TIRED HAOS THEY WANT TO
AND GRADUATE Y>> I MEA ELEIA, WA
UNIVERSICHIGAN. WE
PLAYED SOME FROM T
CEMENT OVER THE WEEKEN
IT WAS VIDEO YES. OF PROTESTERSD
YOAR, WE'RE PEOPL
YECK AT THEM? HEY, I
JUST GRAGHT D
I'NUINELY CURIOUS AS TO
WHAT PERCEE VIDEO AND I
DON'VE THE ANSWERS ON THIS
ACTUALLY STUDENTS NUM
ONE AND NUMBER GRAD
STUDEN VERSUS UNDERGRADUATES.
, OF COURSE IF PEOPLE ARE
E HAVING AND BREAKING
TALK AS ON THE PROGRAM ULDN'. W
S ACARTICI BUT WHO IS IT THAT
? BU POINT, YES, I K
THROUGH THEIR LIVES AND
ATCLAS
GRADUATING A. AND THE
GREAT TRAGEDY HERE, AS W
THEIRS SYEAR IN COLLEGE, THEY G
E
IS CHANGING, BUT IT DOESN'
OF THE PEOPLE WHO WAS ARRE
WAS AT DES
NG IS D. WHEN
DOCOME T